So our edit is looking great.
It's sounding great, we've got all of our musical tracks in here, I believe we have six, which is
perfect.
And now I wanted to go to part of the edit where now that we have our audio sounding really good.
There's a few moments in here that can really be brought up in value with experimenting with a little
bit of adding assets on top of your footage.
So at this point in the edit, I'm talking about these three inspirations that I gathered.
And we're going to take a listen and then we're going to see what we can add to make this better for
the viewer.
And we want to gather inspiration.
So I went through a full three creative spaces that I really like.
I got this lifesaver guy.
We have this creator has a really nice, minimal, modern, clean space, but it's a little bit cold.
And then we got this Belizeans, Armondo, really cool space.
Very OK.
So I'm talking about what's in the background.
Now, this comes to mind is like I want to have some arrows pointing at.
I call this guy light saber guy.
I want to have some arrows pointing at this guy's litterers.
And then I'm talking about her background.
And I want to like circle that and I want to, you know, have like an arrow or a circle on that.
Then we have this guy, Armondo.
Right.
I want to have some arrows, some square or something.
Something.
So what I do have is this pack of animated shapes that I bought.
So I'm going to scroll through here and find, OK, I like this one, actually.
So you can do this with anything.
Don't worry if you don't have this exact pack of shapes, but you can do this with tags.
You can do this with digital downloads.
You can do this with anything that is an animated layer.
That's really the purpose of this learning lesson, is learning when and how to use these.
So because I'm sharing something where I want the viewer to look somewhere, specifically, I'm going
to have these assets that further tell the story that I'm saying here.
So I'm just going to adjust this.
So it kind of feels right.
So I rotate that a little bit more, move it up, maybe scale it up just a little bit.
That's too much right there.
OK.
You got this lightsaber guy?
We have.
OK, perfect.
So this animation is only this long.
Now I can duplicate it.
But for this scenario, it's going to slow down to 80 percent.
Now I'm going to duplicate it and drag it up.
OK.
And what I'm going to do is because I want one over at the white saber, so I'm going to go in here
and I'm going to type in mirror.
No, no, no.
Flip.
Yeah, flip.
OK, so we can either flip something horizontally or vertically, vertically.
It's going to boom.
Flip it down horizontally.
It's going to flip it horizontally.
So now all I have to do is kind of rotate it a little bit, get it in place.
And let's see that I really like you got this lightsaber guy.
We have this creator.
If we want these to have a little bit of a different animation so that they're not perfectly mirrored
and in sync with each other, we can stagger it a little bit so that now this light saber game, you
can see that one kind of comes up first so that they don't really look like duplicates of each other.
It's a little bit of a trick to throw people off.
OK, so now they look like different animations.
And now for this part, I want to highlight this and I want to highlight this.
So I think we can kind of use another one of these arrows, but to get away with it.
What I want to do is change the scale so that it definitely looks like a different arrow.
We don't want to make it look like we're using the same things all the time.
So actually, what I'm going to do here is kind of rotate it and then flip it.
So now you can see the arch is the arches like that.
And then now the arch is going to be the other way.
So here we go.
And we have this creative cool.
So that looks like a different asset.
So we're kind of replicating things and duplicating it, but not making it look cheap.
So now let's go and find a cool circle.
OK, I like that sounds cool.
Now, I also wanted to add that these already have the background removed.
If you had a asset like this and the background wasn't removed, you can go to track mat and it hits
green and that's going to remove the background.
So on a scale this down and we put it on this light and I'm going to slow it down to kind of slow down
the animation we have.
This creator is really nice, minimal, just kind of scaling things up a bit here.
And as you can see, we have a problem.
This cuts out and then this cuts out.
And that's the entire length of the clip.
So the easy way around that is to go with the animation starts.
I'm going to cut and then I'm going to alt and drag to duplicate, select both all and drag to duplicate
and actually end it there, because that's the end of this clip.
And I'm going to do the same for the arrow.
But we don't want to grab the whole arrow, because if we duplicate it from here, it's going to keep
starting and not starting.
Right.
So what I want to do is grab it from there.
So Alz drags like both all drag, select all four.
Actually, I don't even need to just do two more.
And boom.
Now let's see it.
You got this lifesaver guy.
We have this creator has a really nice, minimal, modern, clean space, but it's a little bit cold.
And then we got this guy, Belizeans, Armondo.
Okay, cool.
Now it's kind of switch things up and see if we can get a different shape.
And then we got this guy, who is Armondo, I believe his name's Armondo.
That's great.
OK.
Really cool space, very unique.
I'm just going to duplicate one more of these assets.
Kind of rotated around and scale this one up.
And I'm going to start duplicates there.
Click it all, click drag.
LA now faces that I really like, they got this lightsaber guy.
We have this creator has a really nice, minimal, modern, clean space.
It's a little bit cold.
And then we got this guy, Belizeans, Armondo, really cool space, very unique background, excellent
lighting.
So those were the three that I wanted to use and remakes into my own space.
Next up is our breed.
Cool.
I'm loving that.
So I know that there's another moment here where I'm like in the brainstorm phase and I'm imagining
what's going to go on the walls here, which we show later in the edit, which are these.
So I want to add like a cool animation and then a rectangle animation at this part.
So let's see if we can reuse.
Some of the stuff in here.
So I'm going to take that square.
And take this circle.
But this here now, what I do put on the wall is more of a rectangle than a square.
So something that we can do when we're adding in animations or assets or really any kind of shapes to
our edit.
You see this tab, the uniform scale tab.
That means when I scale this up or down, then it's scaling up and down the image equally horizontally
and vertically.
The width in the house is getting scaled proportionately.
If I were to take off that uniform scale.
Now what I can do is scale the width and the heighth, which is pretty darn cool.
Independently.
So, because we want to change our square to more of a rectangle.
Let's set this to 18.
But I unclipped uniform scale.
And now let's kind of scale this up so we're more rectangular.
And because this wall ekho, it's at an angle.
What we can kind of do is just rotate slightly to get a little bit of a fake perspective style so that
it kind of almost looks like it's actually on the wall.
We gather some line with it.
OK.
Not bad, but I want to scale it up a little bit.
So I'm going to add two points to each vertical in the horizontal.
And now let's get our circle in the right place.
This one, we don't have to change the uniform scale because we actually want the circle to stay as
it is.
A long line.
What people are doing if you're doing what they're not doing.
OK, so I'm just getting the endpoints that I want both of these animations to come into, and then
we're going to duplicate them so that they extend this variation in regathered so long to see what people
are doing, what they're not doing.
OK, perfect.
Now let's duplicate our animations.
In the inspiration that we gathered from online.
What people are doing, what they're not doing, and we're going to mix that with the space that we
chose.
So I'm doing a test shot here.
Cool.
So that looks pretty good.
So that's just a quick way that you can add assets on top of your footage to further tell your story,
to spice up the way your footage looks and to make your video a little bit more interesting.